Codegen bugfixes (#1294)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- Downgraded the level of several code generator logs from `Info` to `Trace`. [#1277](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1277)

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug where the `ImprobableCodegen.marker` file would not get created despite the code generator returning successfully. [#1294](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1294)

Reviewer: What would a user typically see when affected by this bug? 

The fact that its related to the marker file is sort of by-the-by

Author: how about
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the code generation would happen on each Unity compilation, despite the code generator returning successfully. [#1294](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1294)
```

Reviewer: Yeah looks good!
